# AFL & KLEE Report
###### tags: `class`

##  (1) How many tests generated by KLEE and AFL respectively?
For step 3, both afl and klee generated 3 test cases.

For the first buggy version in step4, afl generated 63 test cases and klee generated 15 test cases.
For the second buggy version in step4, afl generated 43 test cases and klee generated 11 test cases.

For my program for step5, afl generated 2 test cases and klee generated 1 test case.
## (2) How many crashes and hangs reported by AFL and KLEE for the 2 programs you experimented with?
For step 3, no crashes were reported by either afl or klee.
For the first buggy version in step 4, no crashes were reported by either afl or klee.
For the second buggy version in step 4, neither afl nor klee reported any crashes.

For my step5 program, both afl and klee found 1 unique crash.
## (3) Are these crashes and hangs related to the same bugs or different bugs?
Yes. The crash in my program is caused by freeing an invalid address.

## (4) Given a fixed amount of time (e.g., 30 min or 1 hour), which tools find more crashes and bugs?
I think it would depend on the program, but that in most cases klee would be faster.

## (5) Which tools find first crashes and bugs quickly?
Both program found first crashes almost immediately after I started testing, so I couldn't tell which was faster. However, klee finished very fast while I had to terminate afl manually.

## (6) What are the advantages and disadvantages of AFL and KLEE? Do you have suggestions to improve the tools?
### KLEE
#### Advantages
- Uses docker, so it is easier to set up on different environments.(just by starting a container)

- KLEE also has better documentation and is also available on github, so it would be easier to ask for advice in face of an issue or problem.

#### Disadvantages
- Requires the user to modify the source code to mark a variable symbolic, which may be a bit of a hassle in some cases.

### AFL
#### Advantages
-  AFL does not require us to mark variables symbolic, so it's a bit more convenient in that regard.

#### Disadvantages
- It still needs us to prepare some test cases to get it started.
- Poor documentation. The format of the documentation was not the best.
- Installing it may not be as simple on some systems.

### Suggestions
I think AFL's documentation could be improved.